Form: add a useActionState submitting example (#7101)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Form/01 Getting Started with Form/80 Submit the Form.md

    export default App;

[note]

> React 19 offers a [useActionState](https://react.dev/reference/react/useActionState) hook that allows you to update state based on a form action result. When using this hook, [clear](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Methods/#clear) the Form as the initial step when implementing action:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React 19 offers a [useActionState](https://react.dev/reference/react/useActionState) hook that allows you to update the state based on a form action result. When using this hook, [clear](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Methods/#clear) the Form as the initial step when you implement an action:
```

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import React, { useActionState, useRef } from "react";
    import "devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css";

    import {
        Form,
        SimpleItem,
        GroupItem,
        ButtonItem,
        NumericRule,
        EmailRule,
    } from "devextreme-react/form";

    const employee = {
        // ...
    };

    const submitButtonOptions = {
        text: "Submit the form",
        useSubmitBehavior: true,
    };

    export default function App() {
        const form = useRef(null);

        const [error, submitAction, isPending] = useActionState(
            async (previousState, formData) => {

>                 form?.current?.instance?.().clear?.();

Reviewer 2: Could we highlight this line where the form is cleared?
Add a comment like "// This is important for correct form validation." or similar comment?
